.TH reflex-curses 1 "" "" "reflex-curses"
.SH NAME
reflex-curses \- a TUI/CLI twitch streamlink wrapper
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B reflex-curses
[\fBOPTION\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B reflex-curses
is a TUI/CLI wrapper around streamlink, allowing for easy launching
of twitch.tv streams from your terminal.
.br
Fork of
.B twitch-curses
that adds additional features.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fBNONE\fR
Starts up the tui interface
.TP
\fB\-a\fR \fBchannel_name\fR
Add a twitch channel to your followed list
.TP
\fB\-d\fR \fBchannel_name\fR
Delete a twitch channel from your followed list
.TP
\fB\-f\fR
Prints out any followed streams that are online.
.TP
\fB\-h, --help\fR
Print help message
.TP
\fB\-i\fR \fBchannel_name\fR \fB(\-\-overwrite)\fR
Import channels followed by channel_name into your followed list.
.br
Default is to append to your current followed list, add --overwrite to replace it.
.br
\fINOTE:\fR Currently limited to the results_limit (default: 75), large lists might not fully import.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR
Print version
.SH FILES
Files are saved on exit, be careful when manually editing.
.IP \fB~/.config/reflex-curses/config\fR
Configuration settings
.IP \fB~/.config/reflex-curses/followed\fR
Locally followed channels
.SH CONFIG
.SS [keys]
.TP
\fBadd\fR (default: a)
.br
Adds a twitch channel to your local follow list.
.br
If viewing the followed list, show all followed channels.
.TP
\fBchat\fR (default: c)
Opens up chat using \fBchat_method\fR.
.TP
\fBdelete\fR (default: d)
Deletes selected twitch channel from your followed list.
.TP
\fBfollowed\fR (default: f)
Go to followed channels view.
.TP
\fBgame\fR (default: g)
Search for a game name (exact only).
.TP
\fBback\fR (default: h)
Go back to previous view.
.TP
\fBimport\fR (default: i)
Import followed list from a twitch account.
.TP
\fBdown\fR (default: j)
Move the cursor down.
.TP
\fBup\fR (default: k)
Move the cursor up.
.TP
\fBforward\fR (default: l)
Launch a stream or enter into sub-menu.
.TP
\fBonline\fR (default: o)
If viewing the followed list, only show streams that are currently live.
.TP
\fBquit\fR (default: q)
Quit reflex-curses.
.TP
\fBrefresh\fR (default: r)
Refresh current page.
.TP
\fBt_streams\fR (default: s)
Go to top streams view.
.TP
\fBt_game\fR (default: t)
Go to top games view.
.TP
\fBsearch\fR (default: /)
General Search.
.TP
\fBvods\fR (default: v)
Go to vods view for channel.
.TP
\fByank\fR (default: y)
Copy channel url to clipboard
.br
\fINOTE\fR: Requires xclip.
.TP
\fBpage+\fR (default: n)
Go to next page of results.
.TP
\fBpage-\fR (default: p)
Go to previous page of results.
.TP
\fBqual+\fR (default: =)
Increase stream quality for launched streams.
.TP
\fBqual-\fR (default: -)
Decrease stream quality for launched streams.
.SS [exec]
.TP
\fBbrowser\fR (default: firefox --new-window)
Browser to use to open chat if \fBchat_method\fR is set to browser.
.TP
\fBchat_method\fR (default: browser)
\fBSupported Values\fR: browser, weechat, irssi.
.br
Select which method to open twitch chat with.
.TP
\fBplayer\fR (default: mpv --force-window=yes)
Media player used for playing streams.
.br
\fINOTE\fR: force-window is set by default to handle audio_only streams.
.TP
\fBstreamlink\fR (default: streamlink -t '{author} - {title}' --twitch-disable-hosting)
Streamlink executable used for launching streams.
.br
\fINOTE\fR: twitch-disable-hosting is set by default so that streamlink will
not open a hosted channel instead of the original.
.TP
\fBterm\fR (default: urxvt -e)
Terminal used to open chat in weechat/irssi.
.br
\fINOTE\fR: Flag varies by terminal.
.SS [twitch]
.TP
\fBclient_id\fR (default: caozjg12y6hjop39wx996mxn585yqyk)
.br
Twitch API ID used for requests.
.TP
\fBlang\fR (default: "")
Filter streams by language (e.g. "en" for english streams).
.br
Leave blank for all languages.
.br
\fINOTE\fR: Only works on game search.
.TP
\fBresults_limit\fR (default: 75)
Maximum amount of results to return.
.br
Twitch API limit: 100
.TP
\fBretry_limit\fR (default: 3)
Maximum amount of times to retry a failed request.
.SS [ui]
.TP
\fBdefault_state\fR (default: games)
\fBSupported Values\fR: games, followed, streams
.br
Default view to show on startup.
.TP
\fBhl_color\fR (default: blue)
\fBSupported Values\fR: black, blue, cyan, green, magenta, white, yellow, red
.br
Color of currently selected item.
.TP
\fBl_win_color\fR (default: white)
\fBSupported Values\fR: black, blue, cyan, green, magenta, white, yellow, red
.br
Color of left window, used for displaying results.
.TP
\fBr_win_color\fR (default: green)
\fBSupported Values\fR: black, blue, cyan, green, magenta, white, yellow, red
.br
Color of right window, used for displaying further information.
.TP
\fBquality\fR (default: best)
\fBSupported Values\fR: audio_only, worst, 360p, 480p, 720p, best
.br
Default quality for launched streams.
.TP
\fBshow_borders\fR (default: True)
Display borders around left and right window.
.TP
\fBshow_keys\fR (default: True)
Display keybinds in bottom right.
.SS [irc]
.TP
\fBaddress\fR (default: irc.chat.twitch.tv)
Address of twitch IRC server.
.br
\fINOTE:\fR Weechat only
.TP
\fBnetwork\fR (default: reflex)
Name of the saved irc network in the irc client.
.TP
\fBno_account\fR (default: True)
Connect to twitch without an account via justinfan nick.
.br
\fINOTE:\fR Weechat only
.TP
\fBport\fR (default: 6697)
Port for the twitch IRC server.
.br
\fINOTE:\fR Weechat only
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at https://github.com/foldex/reflex-curses
